I'm very sorry to see you leave so soon
professor believe me I would have liked
to stay longer that the recent events
force us to return to Spain as soon as
possible
then the only thing I can do is wish you
a pleasant journey thank you
Don Diego make sure to pay my homage to
your father he's sorry he couldn't come
himself I'd much prefer he stayed in bed
until he gets better let's go it is time
Carlota yes Father
I'll come in a minute just the time to
say goodbye to Don Diego sir we did not
have the time to get to know each other
but I wanted to thank you for everything
you did for my father
thanks ro Senor even I would have loved
to but he left so quickly perhaps I
could give him a word from you you knew
him only by reputation but I am ready to
meet him for such a noble cause please
bring in this car yatta what are you
doing I I must leave now
Carlota we are waiting for you goodbye
adios señorita